Change Explorer to Catalog (#7629)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: contributing/content-style-guide.md

## Capitalization

> We should only capitalize products ([<Constant name="explorer" />], Canvas, Insights), but not features like column-level lineage. We also capitalize acronyms and proper nouns. Refer to [MS Style guide on capitalization](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/capitalization) for more information.

Reviewer: Should we also update the style guide?
```suggestion
We should only capitalize products (Catalog, Canvas, Insights), but not features like column-level lineage. We also capitalize acronyms and proper nouns. Refer to [MS Style guide on capitalization](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/capitalization) for more information.
```
